# My CV
1. **Dzmitry Zhdanovich**
2. My **_contact_** information: 
    2. +375 (29) 362-58-52 (ofc can write in **Viber**);
    2. **telegram**: @Zhdan_D_ke 
    2. My **vkonakte** web-site: https://vk.com/diman_namid
3. **Something about me**: I want to become a full-fledged frontend developer, with a sufficient level of knowledge, which is enough for most tasks. In the future, I want to become a full-stack developer. I am currently studying at Roling Scopes School and I will do my best to complete it. I consider my strong point - **determination**. I also like to find new acquaintances, I easily find a common language and I am quite easy to communicate. Now my priority is to study at RS-School and I will definitely see it through to the end. Before school, I worked unofficially at dynamicov. There I was mainly engaged in layout and made sites from templates in CMS Wordpress, it was certainly a good experience both of work and interaction with people. I also took small freelance orders a couple of times (like edit a couple of blocks on the page). In general, earlier it was mainly layout.
4. **My tool stack has this:** **_HTML, CSS, JS (just a little, not much at all)_**. I know how to work with *preprocessors* (more precisely **_LESS_**), worked with **_Bootstrap_**, connected and configured various plugins using **_jQuery_**. Always tried to stick to the **_BEM_** methodology. I use **_VSCode_** for coding, I use **_Koala_** to compile **_LESS_** into **_CSS_**, I can also use (just the basics) **_Photoshop_** and **_Figma_**, i.e. mostly layouts were from there. There were also projects that needed to use **_Avocode_** or **_Zeplin_**. I'm just starting to get acquainted with the version control system **_GIT_**.